::Abstract expressionism::8,7,1::::It was a post-war art movement that placed New York at the center of the art world in the middle of the twentieth century. The paintings share certain characteristics, including the use of large canvases and by the view that art should be non-representational.
::Art Nouveau::7,6,4::::It is an art movement characterized by an emphasis on the fluidity of line, geometric forms, asymmetrical compositions, and a daring combination of structure and ornamentation.
::Suprematism::9,7,0::::It was an abstract art movement founded in Russia during the First World War.
::Cubism::2,11,1::::It was a revolutionary new approach to representing reality invented around the year 1907 by artists Pablo Picasso and Georges Braque.
::Dada::10,0,6::::It began in Zurich around the year 1915, invented by refugee artists and intellectuals from European capitals beset by World War I.
::Expressionism::10,12,3::::It is a modernist movement, initially in poetry and painting, originating in Northern Europe around the beginning of the 20th century.
::Fauvism::1,3,7::::It is a style of painting that flourished in France around the turn of the 20th century. It is characterized by pure colour aggressively applied straight from the paint tubes to create a sense of an explosion on the canvas.
::Graffiti::8,5,0::::It is art that is written, painted or drawn on a wall or other surface, usually without permission and within public view.
::Impressionism::15,1,5::::It is a style of painting which began in France in the late 19th century. It shows life-like subjects painted in a rapid style, with strokes that are easily seen.
::Medieval art::15,2,8::::Medieval art in Europe grew out of the artistic heritage of the Roman Empire and the iconographic traditions of the early Christian church.
::Realism::9,13,3::::It is characterized by the accurate, detailed, unembellished depiction of nature or of contemporary life. It rejects imaginative idealization in favour of a close observation of outward appearances.
::Renaissance::12,15,8::::It is a period in history and a cultural movement marking the transition from the Middle Ages to modernity.
::Romanticism::4,6,13::::It was characterized by its emphasis on emotion and individualism as well as glorification of the past and nature, preferring the medieval to the classical.
::Social realism::11,14,9::::It was a movement that flourished between the two World Wars in response to the social and political turmoil and hardships of the period.
::Surrealism::7,13,10::::It was a twentieth-century artistic movement that explored the workings of the mind, championing the irrational, the poetic and the revolutionary.
::Symbolism::8,11,13::::It was a late 19th-century art movement of French and Belgian origin seeking to represent absolute truths symbolically through language and metaphorical images.